Update auto-tiering.md (#2967)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/references/metrics/auto-tiering.md

#### % Values in RAM

Percent of keys whose values are stored in RAM.

> Low precentage alert means most of the RAM is used for holding keys and not much RAM is avialble for values (working space).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A low percentage alert means most of the RAM is used for holding keys and not much RAM is available for values.
```

> This can be due to high number of small keys, large keys. Insetering more keys might cause the DB to reach OOM error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be due to a high number of small keys or a few large keys. Inserting more keys might cause the database to run out of memory.
```

> If the % is low for a subset of the DB's shards, it might also indicate an unbalanced databases in terms of keys<>slots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the percent of values in RAM is low for a subset of the database's shards, it might also indicate an unbalanced database.
```
